1. there are four golden signals to get information about whether users are able to access our application smoothly
or not

a. latency
-> 
1. in how much time a user gets the response.

2. we should measure it in percentile, because mean hide the tail, i.e if p95 = 300ms then it means 95% of
requests are below 300ms and 5% of request take more than 300ms, but mean hide this information, and from
we do not get much info about slow requests. tail(means slower request in latency distribution)

3. measure latency in different groups according to response code. i.e 2xx response latency measurment,
5xx response latency should be different because let say from 100 req 10 are fail and fails very fast in 2ms
if we include those fail req into success req then it will affect the actual measurement so graph of latency of 
success req should be not be include in graph of latency of failed req.

Always split latency by outcome.

4. histograms represents percentile so for latency we can use histograms.

b. traffic
->
1. traffic is demand on the system, and each hop can have a traffic metric, hop means request go to server,
then server sends result to sns then to sqs then to s3 bucket

so hops are server --> sns---> sqs ---> s3 bucket

so each hop have traffic metric

traffic = request per second

c. errors
->
1. it is rate of failed request, i.e number of request failed per total number of request(traffic)
2. there are three type of failure:
first is request that give 5xx, error code
second is that gives 2xx, but response body has wrong content, empty etc.
third is policy, means there is SLO that request should take 100ms but particular request takes 200ms then
that request is also count as failure. 

error = failed/total

d. saturation
->
1. it is how constraint is our most limited resources. for example if in server 50% ram is in use and 95% cpu is in use
then cpu is most limited resource.
2. saturation can measured in term of number of in-flight request, i.e. concurrent requests. because if there 
is saturation then request take time to resolve then number of concurrent requests increase
3. saturation is leading signal because before latency or errors saturation happens. so before getting anything
in latency or errors we get info from saturation.




2.
there are two type of observation RED and USE

RED = rate(traffic, number of request a server is handling), error (fraction of request that get failed),
duration( latency, time taken by request)
RED tell how application is behaving from user prespective

USE = utilisation(utilisation of different resource of server), saturation, Errors(errors from resouce prespective, server errors)
It tells why our application or service is behaving like that.

